Okay, left hand, monkey wrench.
Number two is first.
Thanks for joining me everybody.
I am Katniss.
You are one of the most loyal chat people.
I know.
Zardoz, good to see you.
And John St. John Donson, and here's Albert, nice to see you.
Mark.
Hello.
Wow.
Alright.
Let's do this.
Yes, we like 37.
Keep sharing it if you can.
It'll be a decent stream today.
I mean, it's not anything special.
We're just doing what we're doing every day now.
I missed yesterday.
We're not going to miss very many days anymore.
I'm not making any promises.
I just know I'm working really hard to make this work.
So thank you very much for everybody that's sharing.
And thanks very much for everybody that wilded supports.
It's really, it's really awesome.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case
scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that we're
dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying.
We don't even recognize the truth no more than society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
This episode is sponsored by Moink.
It's Moink.
My point is that if we were able to, just like we're trying to-
Whoa!
Wait a minute.
I got a click over here.
And we need to go back a slide.
I don't know what just happened there, but I missed something and I never saw it until
right now.
I'm not faking this.
This is real.
What in the hell is that?
Ladies and gentlemen, no, no, we're not going there, no, stop.
Just stop.
Stop advancing.
I gotta stop it from advancing.
Look, okay, look.
That is highly significant, okay?
It's highly significant because that's not just a virus, ladies and gentlemen.
This episode is sponsored by Moink.
That is a bacteriophage, which is, here I come, which is a known kind of, that's like
nobody argues that there aren't bacteriophages.
All these no-virus people don't even touch bacteriophages.
And of course, one of the most beautiful ways to create the illusion of inflammatory distress
caused by a viral protein would be to use a bacteriophage to express said viral protein
in, for example, the bacteria of your lungs, the bacteria of your gut.
And if that toxic protein had some known side effects, some known possible bad ideas,
including maybe antibodies to it, then everything would work out just fine because your regular
old friendly bacteria would start producing a toxin that your immune system couldn't
ignore.
Maybe it's a toxin that's derived from what they call coronaviruses for all.
I know, but man, oh man, the bacteriophage and the possibility of a bacteriophage.
That is an interesting little mug to have right there in front.
That's not a coronavirus, you see, but he's saying bats, bio-weapons and societal response.
Is that why would he have a bacteriophage mug on his third live podcast?
Why would he have a bacteriophage mug?
I still don't have a bacteriophage mug.
One of the only mugs I have is this one, which was sent to me by none other than Matthew Crawford.
Like I don't have a bacteriophage mug.
I have a mug given to me by somebody during the pandemic as my mug.
I have a mug over there.
I mean, who's got a bacteriophage mug except for people on, on microbe TV, on Twim?
Wow, that's, that's, that's special, yo.
How's the sink?
Okay.
Can we do this or what?
Point.
That's moose plus point.
My point is that if, if we were able to, just like we're trying to kind of get everybody
to take the vaccine, if we had put that into getting everybody to take hypermectin and
fluvoxamine for, for a month, if we, and if we could accomplish that, then COVID would
be wiped out.
We could do it.
And actually, any municipality that could regulate its communities can't do it, because
it's a kind of problem.
I couldn't.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know, and I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
We're going to be changing tact over the next couple of weeks, and it's going to cause
a lot of havoc.
They're going to respond.
And you can't take their bait.
Don't take their bait.
What's the matter?
Keep it clean, cut gloves if you wish, and let's do it.
Sweaty bombs, this is so crazy, like these bombs.
This is so crazy, I feel so nervous, like what in the world, man?
You gotta watch out, you gotta watch out for those server toes.
They get it all kinds of places, they're not supposed to be.
You gotta watch out.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, it's all part of the enchantment.
It's definitely all part of the enchantment, but if you stay focused on the biology,
you're gonna take the main console to video, and you love your neighbor, the things.
I don't think Jiki the Miles is that upset with me, we talk a lot.
I trust that Jiki is not that upset.
I don't think so, I think you might be mistaken,
because Jiki is also basically staying focused on the biology, trying not to take their bait,
and loving his neighbor.
I don't know, a lot of people are trying to misconstrue the actions of the mouse people with Jiki.
And Jiki, you gotta remember, is very likely a doctor in Australia.
A doctor in Australia, and so he saw a very different pandemic than we saw.
You can find me at GIGO in biological.com.
This is a family of five making a living by streaming on the internet,
and consulting on the side as GIGO or biological consulting, GIGO consulting,
where I do some biological consulting, but it's not a lot, and it's not lucrative.
And so this is my thing, and we're gonna be taking a different tact over the next couple of weeks.
There's lots of stuff that my friend Matt Briggs has been working on putting together
and has started to produce a series, and so we're gonna be following up on that one.
And that is part of the Broken Science Initiative.
We're also going to be starting an immunology, a virology response course
and to the evidence of a virology professor of Earth, Vincent Branson Yellow.
I'm sorry, did I say that wrong?
I might have said that wrong, racking yellow.
Anyway, thanks very much to the subscribers.
We don't have enough subscribers.
If you can, and you want to support this work on the independent bright,
where I go to GIGO and biological.com, set up, subscribe.
And there's lots of different ways to do it.
You can send a check to a P.O. box.
You can send me Bitcoin if you want to, really.
I don't need that.
I want that, but you could.
Somebody sitting on 500 Bitcoin wants to give me one.
I don't care.
I'll take it.
But yeah, there's lots of ways to support, including just sharing this work
and sharing the work of Mark Gulak, sharing the work of Jessica Hockett,
sharing the work of Denny Rekor, people that are questioning the narrative.
And the narrative we want to be questioning, okay, maybe Jighese a woman.
I don't know.
Could be.
But this illusion is definitely sustained through your active participation.
You're not going to figure anything out on Twitter.
If you just dive in, you're going to have to be very selective, block everybody else.
You're going to have to mute everybody else.
Everything actually works better than blocking them because then they don't really notice
that you're not paying any attention to them.
And they keep screaming into the world thinking that you're watching, but you're not anymore.
And that really keeps Twitter useful for you, maybe, if you need to get out a message
or you want to follow a few people.
But it can also keep it very, very clean.
And so you've got to block everything.
You can block ads.
You can block every user on there.
And so just do it.
You don't want to block people, though, that you're trying to interact with moving the
ball sort of way.
If you're going to try and use noncompliance with the narrative, if you're going to try
and use noncompliance with the narrative as the way out, then you still have to be kind
of engaged with these people.
And that's what makes it very tricky.
They know that.
They know that if you just completely get off of social media, then they've got it, right?
If we just leave social media, if Giggle Home Biological is not, that's right.
He's arkmetic.
If we just Giggle Home Biological, just leave social media, then essentially we're seeding
that territory.
We're seeding that territory to them.
And I'm not willing to do that yet.
But I am also starting the peer tube with the help of one of your fellow viewers, Ted,
from the other side of the planet.
And that is a way of buffering ourselves against that eventual it.
But I don't think that it can afford to pay attention to us anymore.
Any attention that it gives us ends up getting our message out.
And as long as we stay consistently on message, then I think actually we are pretty tough
to beat.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
This is Giggle Home Biological, a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by
biologists is the 15th of April, 2024.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is the back of my garage.
Thank you very much for joining us.
There are lots of people who are here every day.
Shout out to them in the chat.
We are still fighting against the conscious and intelligent manipulation of our habits
and opinions, and that includes our opinions about health and nutrition and what's good
to eat and how to treat our bodies and how to treat our children and what responsibilities
we have and don't have.
All of those things have been consciously and intelligently manipulated, whether you like
it or not.
A lot of us grew up going to church and having some man usually on a pulpit tell us how to
treat our children and how we should take stewardship over our lives and over our actions
and take responsibility for what we say and try to act in what is agreed upon by many
different religions as generally speaking good.
And now we don't have those forces so much in our lives.
Instead, we are getting these ideas from, we are sort of seeding, we're allowing them
to put thoughts in our head and those thoughts are not the same kinds of thoughts that Christianity
or Islam or Buddhism or Judaism will tend to put in people's minds with regard to responsible
behavior.
Let me phrase that again in a different way or maybe just repeat it.
Like this is serious.
We cannot allow this to go on or we will lose.
So somehow or another, we're going to have to decide to stop using social media the way that
we use it now and we're going to have to take it out of the heads of our young people or
we will not win because this is the way that they will get the message out whenever they
want to finally take us out.
Besides pulling the plug so that we can't get it anywhere, which we kind of already know is
happening, just using it without just an unconscious intention to listen to who we want to listen
to until everybody, and this is just the way it is, until everybody that watches Giga
on biological is watching it in a way that they have complete control over, that they
go to the same spot, they know how to do it, they're aware of how it works, they jump through
all the hoops and they get it and they don't have to look for it and they don't need to
wait for it to get reminded, then there's always the chance that this could disappear because
there's only a few thousand of us and there's only a hundred and forty people subscribed.
And so at any moment, just the flick of a switch and if those one hundred and forty subscribers
are gone and the Twitch channel is gone, peer tube will still be there.
And that's the best we can do right now, but that's where we are because the principle of informed consent
is going to continue to be assaulted from all sides for the foreseeable future.
Even if the best case scenario in some people's minds happens and Robert F Kennedy Jr. is elected,
I don't think that we're going to have a landslide of moral executive decisions that include the
banishing of the vaccine schedule or the the striking of the prep act or the reset of the
national vaccine.
We are really in trouble and we've got to wake each other up, we've got to really pass this around
and we've got to look at examples of it so that we can understand what's going on.
That's what I want to do today with the Twiv episode that I've chosen.
Please keep in mind our hypothesis all the time.
If you joined us for the first time, we think that the who declared a pandemic of a particularly
dangerous novel virus in this, this cognitive construct, the dangerous novel virus that everyone has
vulnerability to is essentially a myth.
And they propagated this myth through the use of the, the consensus usefulness of a non specific PCR
tested in fact hundreds of them around the world.
And these PCR tests, which were likely just picking up a background signal that was always there
in combination with false positives based on a background signal of DNA and RNA that we've never really
been able to get through, but people like Nathan Wolf have been identifying as a huge potential
resource for a very long time.
And in order to get this to happen, they also put financial incentives that included, you know, freedom from our protection from malpractice in some states early on in the pandemic so that people understood in the hospitals young young
residents that were taking over the ERs and the ICUs because the old attendings were sent home because of the danger of this virus to old people offered early retirement.
This was a big problem, right? This was a huge, huge problem.
Because now you have this thing where it says if you follow this protocol and something goes wrong, you're not going to be liable for anything because this is a real emergency.
And because it's an emergency, this is the legal construct that we're in plus has hospital administrator.
I want to advise you that the hospital is going to get paid for these treatments and we are going to get reimbursed for this stuff.
So there's kind of two reasons why you should definitely choose this for anybody.
The test positive for COVID or you suspect may have COVID, you should just go this route.
And so put on those garbage bags and those those shields and get back to work.
And in so doing they created a mass casualty event in several places in the United States and around the world that was misconstrued as an imminent spread of a particularly dangerous pathogen that in fact was not.
And the lack of evidence of spread from one geographical location to another from one mass casualty event to another, this lack of spread is a very key observation that many people have made that everyone doesn't ever want to talk about no one ever wants to talk about it.
Even the people that purported to have met and been really impressed with Denny Rancor's presentation in Romania in November of 2023 came back and wrote some stacks about what they had for breakfast with Denny Rancor came back and showed pictures of selfies they took with Denny while they were in Budapest
or even wrote about how impressed they were by the slide show that they just saw always quoted the 17 million people that were killed from the shot.
And always skipped over the fact that Denny never found evidence of a respiratory virus spreading geographically across any border even counties in America.
But for some reason or another none of these people will ever acknowledge that very, very distinct separate observation from the increase in all cause mortality that he has purported is associated with the rollout of vaccines in different geographical locations.
There's a long list of people that have been in front of us for four years that were on that stage that I show in the beginning of my show every day.
And they were on that stage with Denny Rancor.
And they came home and they wrote blog posts about him and sub stack posts about him and they exclusively focused on the 17 million people killed by the shot.
These same people, of course, are completely unaware of how many potentially could have been killed by the weird protocols that were instituted that included just recently identified by people who aren't MDs.
A ridiculous amount high flow nasal supplementary oxygen.
And the potential dangers of that for an hour or two or three.
And the casual discussion of it by people like Kyle Seidel early on in the pandemic, because replacing oxygen in low pulse ox people was the only treatment they knew of they didn't have anything else to do besides ventilate people apparently.
And so this this train wreck of a drama that was created by a bunch of people that created an illusion of consensus that was also included flame fanners like Pierre Corey and Kyle Seidel and and and Aaron whatever her name is nurse Aaron from
Florida to from Wisconsin to Florida to New York Aaron rock videos with Robert Malone and friends that Aaron.
These people were the ones that were fanning the flames early on of a of a worst case scenario which allowed them to misconstrue this this this little this little curve right here.
They misconstrued that as something that was just going to go bananas.
And then they said that lockdowns prevented it lockdowns are the reason why it went away and people that were paying attention to it already knew that that was nonsense.
We still weren't sophisticated enough to see that there were people on both sides of the coin we just thought that these people that were raising their hands that were speaking up that were organizing counter arguments to the Jordan PCR test paper
that the who was now testing people with these things were not organized by by a bunch of random people trying to come together to do something these people were these groups were organized by medlers.
We heard from Thomas Binder that the Korman Jorston report that was Thomas Binder and Mike Eden and Kevin McCurnan.
And these people didn't all come together at random they were organized by one person who we know we already know is a medler because he came out during the pandemic on Twitter meddling with people.
On one side and then the other and even tried to befriend me for a little while even promoted my review.
But as soon as I said that I didn't think that that review was all that it was anymore than we lost contact or he broke it off or something I don't know.
He was going around for three years or two years calling people glowies.
That guy is the one who organized the the reported rebuttal but it was just a rebuttal saying the PCR tests are great just not the one that Jorston recommended.
And so the theater started very early where people who were speaking out were co-opted by other medlers and brought into movements that they thought were part of a active resistance but in reality they were already getting on board with the Scooby-Doo.
I love Thomas Binder I think he's great.
But I don't think at the very beginning of the pandemic he was sophisticated enough to understand that the PCR if he used on a hot background it wouldn't matter what.
Primer dimers and stuff like that would actually be a distraction that.
And of course he wasn't there nobody was there at that time when that paper came out Peter McCullen either.
But I can almost guarantee you that Kevin McCurnan was.
And so we have this thing where certain people are absolutely committed to a a central.
Pillar of this narrative which is that an RNA molecule you know given the right circumstances and the right enzymes and RNA molecule could easily go around the earth for five years it's still going now.
One of our hypothesis is that once we started saying that that wasn't possible is when people that were kind of on our side completely burnt bridges with us.
And it was across the board.
To Children's Health Defense and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. with this Wuhan cover up book because at some point I was good enough to be an advisor for that book and at some point I was good enough to put first on the list of acknowledged contributors to the book.
And now I'm nobody. And that's fine because I have my own supporters and we are an independent bright web and I have faith that this is going to work.
I'm supposed to do this just like Mark is supposed to be doing it. This is this is how we this is how we fight.
We have to get the truth out or a help to perpetuate a movement where truth is important and valuable rather than taken for granted.
And so it might seem like that I'm attacking everybody that's ever helped me or everybody that's ever supported me or everybody that I've ever talked to or can't all be bad guys but ladies and gentlemen a lot of them are
winning or unwitting bad guys winning or unwitting participants they are climbing a ladder that they cannot see the top of.
And once you understand them as ladder climbers you understand why they're not reaching down to help us.
Why they're their their behavior and their rhetoric sounds like they care about the people on the bottom end of the ladder the people that are falling off the ladder the people that can't even get on the ladder that are definitely not on the ladder they seem like they really
care about Brett Weinstein's a great example of that guy who's trying to pretend that he's not part of the same social circles that his father is.
It's just laughable.
And of course that's where a lot of the skepticism of Robert F Kennedy Jr. comes from how can we realistically believe that he's a 14 year old boy who's just been biting his time to get revenge for his father and his his brother would they really have let him live then.
I'm skeptical.
I'm willing to believe there's a chance.
But I'm not going to campaign for him I'm not going to put all my hope in some guy who's running for president of the system that we know is already completely hijacked turned inside out by traders.
Mark Gulak ended his last show with really the best statement I mean I know that that the United States is an imperfect country I know that we have been corrupted by insiders for a long time.
And I have been aware of it.
I used to go to neuroscience and on my posters used to say the American government is out of your control.
I was in the bottom yellow and black.
For many years I did that when I was coming from the Netherlands or Norway.
It was quite cringy for some of the people that I traveled with who were happy to come to the United States and still looked at the United States as one of these beacons of freedom.
You know the fires of Rohan are burning across the United States I don't know if that's true anymore but I do know that in my backyard there's a fire of Rohan.
And it says that the United States is something worth fighting for but that means us together as one.
Everybody that makes less than I mean I could throw the net pretty high really but I'd like to throw it fairly reasonably high and just say you know if you make more than 100,000 a year you're probably not feeling the pain yet.
But not the kind of fame that we feel down here where all of the doubling of prices has taken all of the air out of our budget.
And so it's a it's an easier thing for me to do for my wife it's not very easy for us to sustain this fight but everybody needs to sustain it now we need to resist with non compliance and it's coming faster and harder than ever now this summer and this fall.
So we got to get our stuff in a row are organized and understand what our messaging is.
They are inverting our rights to permissions.
And it's all of these people doing it.
There's an agreement across the board.
What you think is the heterodox you know dark web over here believes almost the same thing that this guy does.
And if they don't they argue about it within this limited spectrum of debate where the mystery virus is still equal to excess deaths and it's not.
And they refuse to talk about any of these things.
All of these things killed people.
All of these things are responsible for a rise and all cause mortality that was attributed to a novel virus.
And that's the illusion that's the the spectacular commitment to a lie.
The other spectacular commitment to a lie is that you are like like Paul off it absolutely and positively convinced as is Brett Weinstein that vaccines are absolutely the best idea mankind's ever had the wheel airplane and vaccines.
There is no difference between Brett Weinstein and Paul off it except Brett Weinstein will now take the stance that the RNA vaccines are not the same as other vaccines.
I mean really did he ever really change over?
No. And so we're still not talking about this stuff this stuff is still not spoken about.
So even though conveniently a 20 year impending tsunami of Medicare costs was avoided.
By taking out a bunch of old people that had gone way past their expiration date in many many countries around the world.
Hence the average death age of COVID was higher than the expected death rate in a lot of countries in Europe like Ireland and in Israel maybe even.
We are still in America not talking about strict liability you know what it would it would be terrible if everybody in America understood any basic legal language you know like what strict liability would mean in the context of a product.
And how curious maybe dubious it is that pharmaceutical companies for the makers of vaccines are just completely.
It's void they don't have strict liability and how simple it would be to reinstate it.
How many problems would be fixed. And it's so weird the posity of people that are saying this there's just nobody saying it why doesn't anybody say that.
The words strict liability you would think that any doctor I'm sorry excuse me any lawyer that was involved in this movement would would be using those words at every chance they got because it is the word that every single person in the legal
field every judge every lawyer every paralegal every lawyer for a pharmaceutical company understands that is
the word combination they want to avoid.
The other thing that I find really curious is that all these brilliant lawyers that are fighting for free speech.
Because we got censored during the pandemic are not fighting for our Seventh Amendment right to sue for more than $20 worth of damage with regard to a vaccine product or a countermeasure.
We need to understand that one case for one person that got bounced from a state court to a circuit court and a circuit court judge saying hey that's unconstitutional the prep act should be struck.
It would take one case and one court decision for the prep act to be nullified for strict liability to essentially be reinstated at least for emergencies.
Now there's probably a lawyer or two or 10 that are going to say who he doesn't know what he's talking about and he gets this wrong and he gets that wrong but they're not going to tell you the truth.
Because that's the truth.
The truth is is that they could have if there was a you want to start gig home.
Nonprofit that does this I'm totally down with it let's do it.
We need a lawyer in every state in the United States and we need one vaccine injured person in every state.
And we take all of those to court and every one of those courts will have to say well I'm sorry because of the prep act I can't hear your trial.
You have to go use the CICP and then you appeal.
And you need only one of those appeals to work one of those appeals has to be accepted and read one of those appeals could result in the striking of the case and nobody's doing that we're talking about free speech and and and these other things but we're
using the kangaroo court that we're given the kangaroo court that actually pays actually pays the lawyers that lose as well as the lawyers that win which is the only place in the legal system where that happens.
And so every frivolous case can be brought to that court and backed it up for years and will be because the lawyers get paid anyway.
What a racket is that.
Nobody talks about that of course because those lawyers are doing well.
I think a lot of people are confused about who's in it and who isn't in it and who's doing what they can and who isn't there are people who are making sacrifices and what they choose to do with their lives.
And then there are people who are surfing this wave
and claiming that they're doing that.
If you're making $500,000 a year as an anti-vax lawyer.
I'm not sure you're really making the sacrifices that everybody thinks you are if you're making $500,000 or let's say $230,000 a year as the head of a doctor group that supposedly an alternative to the CDC and the FDA.
I don't think you're really making the sacrifices that you're pretending to as you hawk your wares and books.
If you're getting paid a quarter million dollars a year to be part of an operation that's supposed to do something but hasn't done anything for a long time.
I don't I don't I don't think you're doing it anymore.
There are a lot of people like this.
There are influencers with sub stacks that make too much money.
And they're not doing the right thing.
I'm not saying they have to donate to me.
I'm saying you should not be feeling good about becoming rich perpetuating the narrative about a novel virus with novel treatments instead of perpetuating ideas like strict liability or the seventh amendment violation that is the CIP.
CIP and the VICP or trying to get justice for the people that were murdered by these many different methods.
And fighting for the future of our grandkids so that this mythology isn't turned into the truth.
That's what I find frustrating if you're if you found a sub stack where you can get 55,000 people to give you $5 a month and you are not fighting for all of these truths, then what can you say for yourself.
You're staying very far away from the fire because you know your money is flammable.
You're staying very far away from the fire because you don't want to get burnt in the meantime people like me and people like Mark how reliant on individual people that stick their heads up and actually punch in the numbers.
Not just click on sub stack I'm very happy for everybody that has supported me by becoming a paid subscriber to sub stack but I'm never going to charge anything for those articles.
Fearla and I are trying to work out a system where she can do the text and I can do the video but it's an incredible amount of time to do just a transcript.
And it's an incredible amount of time that could be used to make another show and so I have a hard time with it a lot of times.
We are here now.
You have to see these people for who they are. It's 2024.
If they are not fighting for justice for any of this.
We have a problem if they're not fighting for any of those ideas mentioning those ideas we have a problem if they're not acknowledging any of these things we have a problem.
There are zero epidemiological evidence of spread that none of them have mentioned even though they all mentioned Denny Rancor for a week.
They all mentioned Denny Rancor for a week and when they do mention them they say wow it's striking 17 million people from the shot, but not one time.
Will they also mention the Denny Rancor says that there was really no evidence of spread early on.
Not one time ladies and gentlemen I'm human human like you.
I'm going to make mistakes going forward in the future I'm not always going to be the best example for you as a as a whatever I may just be your your the biologist in your pocket that's losing his mind over time.
But I hope that's not the case I hope we're actually making progress.
Well this is the wrong slide I'm just going to advance quick.
We don't need that one but you can tell if someone's lying.
I didn't change that slide I just want to walk right to.
I don't want to lie you know I don't think I'm a liar try not to be a liar I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Remember what Teal says about science and about exaggerating things because I think that's essentially what we're dealing with vaccines and virology and our understanding of the immune system and so what I have chosen here is a video that
will exemplify this so so it will exemplify the the spectacular commitment so he's so spectacularly committed to it that he's angry about it.
And that's what I find most striking about the first nine or ten minutes of this video and that may be all we watch because we're already 40 minutes in I don't know.
The political cut I have on the specialization is always that that if you analyze the politics of science the specialization should make you suspicious because it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on.
And then we got an easier for people to lie and to exaggerate.
And then one should be a little bit suspicious and that's that's that's sort of my starting my starting bias.
And so if you have somebody who is as committed as you're about to hear Vincent rack and yellow is you should also be very suspicious because the more certain they are and the more black and white they painted.
And then the more likely it is that they don't know what they're talking about it I think Vincent rancid rat rachen yellow maybe one of these people who.
I'm not sure he may have just fooled himself over many years.
He may not actually know.
I get the feeling that he doesn't.
But he is absolutely committed to the fact that he does know because he's declared himself earth's virology professor forget you not right earth's virology professor which is a pretty it's a pretty amazing statement.
I find it pretty amazing.
This might be a little loud here we go.
All right, good afternoon.
Welcome back.
Today we're going to talk about vaccine.
How to prevent viral disease.
Notice I didn't say infection.
Vaccines don't prevent infection.
That's already an interesting place to start isn't it because at the beginning of the pandemic nobody was saying that vaccines don't prevent infection.
Bill Gates and PBS news hour and everybody in the world Ulster home was on Rogan saying it.
The way that we have gotten rid of virus in the past the way that we've ended epidemics in the past the way that we've overcome disease in the past is with vaccines.
Now he's saying the vaccines notice I didn't say stop infection.
It's an extraordinary.
That there's no other way when you look at it from four years there's no other way to see it these people are liars they are covering up there spectacularly committed to a lie that over time has changed.
And has morphed to become ever more committed to the black and white idea that vaccines are the best invention of mankind besides the wheel at an airplane as Brett Weinstein and his wife police.
This is going to get intense.
But that was a misconception during coven, which we'll talk about when we do coven on its own. We're going to talk about how vaccines are made and how they prevent.
Disease vaccines are great defense against viruses.
They use your immune system and memory.
To prevent disease immune memories an important part.
And our increased life expectancy is in large part due to vaccines as well as medicine in general and public health measures so we used to live in 1900 our life expectancy was on average this is now people could live longer or shorter 50 years or so.
But it went up and up and up until it's now around 80 for women.
And that drop in 1918 what what was that.
It was the pandemic the 1980 pandemic which killed probably tens of millions of people who knows how many.
But of course, so that lowers your life expectancy.
So that's a pretty spectacular thing we're just supposed to take that at face value because again he's the professor right he's got the slides up so let's see if there's any citation here I don't it's just virology lectures there's no citation of where this is coming from.
And of course the on this big graph the 1918 flu is clearly visible.
I understand why it rose so quickly afterward then how does that work exactly I don't get it.
That's pretty impressive. So here we go we're keeping going.
An interesting question what do COVID do to life expectancy here we go a graph from 1980 to 2020 showing trends in life expectancy by ethnicity.
See there's a big difference right depend this is healthcare disparity basically shown here.
That is spectacular it can't be anything else.
It's got to be broken down by race first of all.
And then it's not anything else there are no other factors that could contribute obviously it must have been COVID I mean look it happened right in 2020.
This is a 2024 lecture from 10 days ago.
He's giving this lecture at at Columbia University in New York.
There are kids in the classroom.
They think this guy is telling some some truth when it's just absolute.
It's absolute mythology.
It's extraordinary and then the dotted line is projected the dotted line is projected.
Blacks are having a really low life expectancy compared to whites and Latinos the most I didn't know that they have a better life expectancy than others.
Nevertheless you can see in 2020 it dropped considerably.
Due to I mean can we be more disingenuous it didn't drop.
It's projected to have dropped.
Wow that is just ridiculous I would be I would get up and walk out of this class.
Holy mama who COVID pandemic.
I think the expectancy went down about.
I want to say a year and a half.
It's not on this slide.
But it dropped substantially and of course it will recover at some point but that's oh there it is one and a half years it dropped in 2020.
So this is what pandemics with lots of mortality can do.
So when someone says COVID isn't serious it's a it's a hoax blah blah blah.
I hope none of you ever believe that okay just call them out because it's not there are plenty of data that says it's not we'll get to that in a minute.
So I want you to remember that.
Vaccines stimulate and immune response and we make memory to the vaccines both B and T cell memory.
And here this is shown in this graph we have on the y axis we have B and T cell responses.
And on the x axis we have time and days.
So what is he really teaching here antibody prevalence and T cell number with a red line.
This is a cartoon version of immunology that fits his model.
That's all.
It's just a cartoon version of immunology in principles of virology the textbook it's a cartoon.
It's not even really based on any particular science.
And he probably couldn't build up a bibliography to support it other than broad strokes and he's certainly telling you the wrong direction right antibody prevalence.
Are we really starting there.
Of course we are.
Because the correlate of immunity is actually what they only want you to understand because the correlate of immunity is how they're going to explain to you the damage and explain away the damage.
The correlate of immunity essentially describes such a simple immune response, then how could you blame them for anything else that happens because we just make antibodies for you.
That's the beauty of that story that's what makes it so malevolent this story right here where you bamboozled people into thinking that there isn't a progression in the memory here that there isn't some kind of limiting symphony there that's trying to make as little noise memory as possible.
And you don't attempt at all to describe the elegance of that.
Irreducible complexity the sacredness of that you don't make any effort at all instead.
You basically desecrate that sacredness by distilling it down to two red lines.
So you have an infection or a vaccination.
It takes some time to get an immune response to get antibodies and tea cells made.
Maybe seven to 14 days so there's a delay in which time the viruses reproducing in you just nothing you can do about that.
And in fact in most acute infections the infection begins to be cleared before the adaptive response kicks in.
I mean please see this as as a an enchantment here.
He says milder or in apparent reinfection and immune memory and draws this cartoon and you understand a little bit of how graphs work.
He has inserted a thought in your head with a level of certainty it does not deserve a level of fidelity that's never been measured.
The model of immune memory that's never been they've never bothered to verify in fact they avoid verifying it at all possible by just sticking to the antibody prevalence as the correlate.
Just like they stick to psychopathic effects in in cell culture as the correlate for the presence of a virus.
The same reason why they use PCR as a correlate for the presence of a virus because they are not attempting to have a high fidelity measurement they are not attempting to make a high fidelity observation.
They want to make an observation that they can then use against you that they can use to leverage their next move their next explanation.
This is the bamboozlement this is the lie that they are committed to right here. It's this biology being outlined with certainty.
And a nonchalant attitude that is desecrating the irreducible complexity of the immune system and making a mockery of the sacredness it should.
It should represent the reverence that should be paid to it.
It's it's creation.
It can't be distilled to this.
It's one of the most fascinating aspects of our biology it can't be distilled to this.
Eventually, those levels of antibodies and B cells wane or decline and they go down to baseline levels.
And then years later or months later if you are reinfected, you have a more rapid response by the immune system because you have memory all those B and T cells are kept.
So they don't have to do all the rearranging that is done like we talked about during adaptive immunity. So very quickly, you can respond with B and T cells, but it's not immediate it's still a couple of days.
I'm going to respond to the chat guy.
Go buzzkill because I think it's really important to understand the significance of soap.
If you are naive enough still in 2024 to think that soap was random and that her three appearances on Alex Jones before the pandemic in 2019 were random.
I don't think we can help you.
But if you think that her being on Alex Jones three times and then her mom being involved with a international trip to Stockholm Sweden to present on stage about the ongoing 5G warfare around the world with Robert Malone and Meryl Nass was also random.
So then I really don't have anything for you I can't help you at all. But for me that's the most obvious connection to a pre-existing narrative machine a pre-existing agitation machine a pre-existing fault line generating machine a fault line exaggerating machine that was
already in existence and being built before the pandemic that included the intellectual dark web and also included people like so.
That's just not random teenagers there it might have been if her mom wasn't on stage with Robert Malone a couple years into the pandemic telling us it's the DoD.
And we run up somebody like Katherine Watt and distorting her message about the executive branch and the Department of Health and Human Services and the prep act into something that can be distilled down to the DoD.
That's the problem.
So the moment that we start to pick on the fact that you know you first you stepped in front of a guy by the name of part of Cooper who was talking about the doses and you took over his story, then you stepped in front of Katherine Watt and took over her story.
And then after you do that you find every chance to attack people like me or Mark calling Mark but hurt.
That's the fun of the fact that she's rich and we're not.
Really that's their her tactic I mean we just disengaged because it was a joke.
It becomes patently obvious if she's also included on Robert Malone's bad guy list with Mary Holland and it's just it we are being played very elegantly played for a long time and now this facade is cracking and so it's going to be hard for everybody to accept it.
But these are very, very common signals.
Alex Jones is not a good guy.
You got to know that.
And so anybody that he has promoted including Brett Weinstein being on Alex Jones come on.
Come on.
Cross promotion is the clue.
I'm never going to get on Joe Rogan it's never going to happen.
And if I do I'll say no, I think.
Or maybe I'll go on and then say I think you're a part of the machine.
And then he won't make an episode you know I don't I don't see how that would work.
Because I do believe that the people at the heart of this are at the top of weaponized piles of money.
They are trying to destroy America the plan has been for a long time these people are insiders they're traders they are loyal to some kind of globalist movement it's a super national thing.
And so everybody that's fighting for Holland or fighting for the UK and England or fighting for America you are your voice is never going to be heard.
And they're going to put somebody like Robert Malone in front of you who's going to pretend to be fighting for America but not really because he still wants America to be cut in half along blue and red lines.
And I think Mark and I would really like to wake both sides up to that con.
It's amazing because this is the biology that they are this is the mythology that they are trying to trap our children in and I want you to listen carefully to the words that he chooses because they are extraordinary he's going to get really angry soon.
So you're going to get a milder and in a parent infection.
And I put depends there depends how old you are depends what other diseases you have.
If you're 85 and you have issues you might get more severe disease you might get you might end up in the hospital in fact there's probably no vaccine that's going to keep you out of the hospital.
So to say that a vaccine should do that is unrealistic just does not within the purview there we have to depend on antivirals which we'll talk about next time.
And so in COVID as we'll talk about more in a covert lecture.
There was this expectation that the vaccines would prevent infection and all disease.
And so what we do is look at an immunology textbook to realize that that's not correct. There's a there's a block button button in the chat. So if go buzzkill is bothering you, you could just click on his name and then you when you get that thing you just go over to the little three
block go buzzkill and then you have to click block one more time.
And then his thing won't show up in the chat anymore and it's fine.
We knew this was going to happen.
Tall trees we get a lot of wind.
And the more we stand up against the people that are posing as patriots.
The more more wind we're going to catch so I'm I'm totally okay with that.
You can rewind the tape if you want I never said anything bad about soap.
So was part of the show, whether she knows it or not, whether her mom knows it or not at the time.
She was part of the show when I let my son who was streaming daily with his friend with a million followers on YouTube that had threatened to kill the YouTube CEO would I be proud of that would I be happy with that would I let him go on.
Alex Jones.
I'm sorry you have me confused with somebody else because that whatever was going on on that YouTube channel and whatever she was saying wasn't wasn't great.
It might not have been wrong or right. It might have been controversial or kicking the hive or whatever you want to call it starting trouble or talking smack, but it wasn't good.
It wasn't a great message for anybody other than just angry.
And it certainly wasn't a, you know, let's get back to a good America or let's try to turn this train around kind of message.
That's why it was amplified three times in 2019 on Alex Jones.
And that's why you should be suspicious of her mom being on stage with other Americans who have toured the world over the last four years together repeatedly to speak in front of the European Parliament to speak in Romania to take a cruise off the coast of Turkey together.
And once things happened, ladies and gentlemen, that hot tub picture is real.
And I was never invited to any of these things I paid my way to any of these places that I ever went.
With the exception of the broken science initiative meetings. Thank you Greg Glassman.
He wants to destroy the FDA he wants to bring down the CDC so I don't think that Greg Glassman's on our side Greg Glassman keeps telling me that if we actually get what we want, we will be hanging in the town square.
And it's our grandchildren that will be free and I'm fine with that.
But the press blew it because they talked to the wrong people who didn't remember basic immunology.
The first vaccines.
Well, variation was practiced in China we talked about that in the first lecture smallpox was a huge scourge it killed many people throughout humanity.
And in China many other places they recognize that the survivors of smallpox never got it again they didn't know what caused it. No idea nothing known about infectious diseases, but it seemed to be passed from person to person.
And smart people said the survivors get it so let's give it to people intentionally so that's what variation is they would take a few.
And then you would get an infection and a third of the time you would die, but two thirds of the time you would survive and you'd be immune so that was practiced as early as the 11th century.
And then the six Jenner developed a smallpox vaccine.
Again, we talked about that based on the idea that milkmaids who got cowpox.
No, it's interesting that here would be a perfect opportunity for him to teach about immunology and to teach why variation is biologically a very sound idea because you are, you are irritating and annoying the barrier in a way that the barrier
is to be annoyed I don't know if you're familiar with running through the bushes as a kid, or maybe even playing hide and seek and actual woods where there are some thorn bushes, but the skin gets broken a lot by abrasion.
And the immune system is actually believe it or not has evolved to handle that problem to respond to those localized like intrusions into the interior or our volleys into trying to penetrate into the interior of the body.
And so it is the ideal place to interact with the immune system the ideal place to offer immunological signals that might be relevant to immune memory forming without full full blown disease being experienced it's not a terrible idea.
It may have worked when done correctly, whatever that is.
But of course we didn't stick with variation very long.
And when we were doing it did we really do it the way that we thought we were doing it or did they put it too deep or does it really not work the way that we think it does without a very, very perfect application and this kind of poking is already too deep we don't really probably
could figure that out but nobody cares.
We do it intramuscularly now.
We put all our vaccines in the muscle now.
So this doesn't even matter this is an old way of doing it. It doesn't work as well because it's an old way of doing it.
See how much we've progressed look at that nasty needle.
And so there's a lot of lesions on their hands from milking the cows never got smallpox so he immunized the boy with cowpox virus and it protected him.
He did a challenge study actually.
And so then that was really the first widely used human vaccine it spread globally over the next years people wanted to do the gender vaccine.
We don't know what viruses are.
We just know that they're infectious agents and he called it vaccine in honor of gender because generous vaccine was based on a cow virus right cowpox it may probably isn't the cow virus.
It's probably actually horsepox virus that infected a cow.
But we're not going to change the name to equination now you know equity horse probably not we'll just keep it vaccination yellow fever vaccines influence a vaccine developed in the 1930s by the way that's a bifurcated needle.
It's a drop of smallpox vaccine in it and you deliver it to the individual by scraping the outer skin and getting the virus in there.
Now when Jenner developed his vaccine people there were immediately anti-vaxxers from the very beginning this is a wood cut from generous time.
People have been stupid since day one apparently he says people have been stupid since day one apparently he says people have been stupid since day one.
Wow.
Maybe the people who are making this wood carving are actually people trying to make an absurdity of the dangers of vaccine.
And of course Vincent Rancin yellow is way too way too sharp to see that.
I mean they're showing cows coming out of their faces and they're turning into cows and their nose has a cow coming out of it and there's a cow coming out of that nose and there's more cows coming out of his ears.
And there's a cow coming out of that guy's pants.
Here's a cow coming out of her her her her pregnant whatever I guess.
Like so to me what this is because remember back then we were what did Edward Bernays say in 1924 the conscious manipulation of the organized manipulation of the conscious habits and opinions of the masses.
Is a vital part of a democratic society of democratic rule.
And so do you think that the guy that made this is actually an anti-vaxxer.
That had the wherewithal and the resources to get this published so that it would be still around.
Or do you think it's more likely that this is a campaign to make opposition to the vaccine ridiculous.
Because obviously there aren't any cows coming out of anybody's variation wounds.
Obviously nobody's giving birth or shitting any cows.
So this is obviously dumb.
Obviously opposing the vaccine is dumb but Vincent Rancin yellow is going to tell you that people have always been dumb.
Yes always been dumb always susceptible to an illusion of consensus always dumb.
It's always been known that if enough people are committed to a lie and stick to it that you can fool the masses.
It's always been known.
That's why we did the eclipse video a few weeks back from apocalyptic.
Because the witch doctor that understands that there's going to be an eclipse can most certainly use it.
To feign a prediction.
And as long as the king is in on it and the queen is in on it.
And they all agree that it's the sign.
Well then everybody at the base of the pyramid is going to cheer when the sun comes back out.
This is this is a joke to me but it's very funny to watch how he uses it wait till he ramps it up.
It's not even going to get it's not even close to done yet.
We're only going to watch.
We're only going to watch like a few more minutes.
That's that's how bad it's going to get.
So here people are growing cow parts out of their noses and eyes and arms after getting the smallpox.
Oh yeah there it is. Wow. Nice. Look at that picture right there.
It's just the golden cow.
Look at that.
I should say it's wow. Look at that.
That's amazing.
You could almost suggest that that almost is a sign that this is a joke.
That this this is being used in exactly the way they intended it to be used.
And that now Vincent Ranciniel is turning it around and using it a different way it's extraordinary.
Greed actually persists to this day.
Nevertheless vaccines work and large scale vaccination campaigns are incredibly successful.
These are two graphs showing you eradication of or near eradication of polio at least in the US but we'll come back to that later.
These are cases for 100,000 Y axis. This is a year.
Big peak of polio large scale vaccination campaigns can be successfully says can be successful.
Nothing about water treatment sewage. Nothing like that.
Nothing about a septic technique. Nothing about DDT use or disuse.
Nothing about anything to do with that.
Again, what a disingenuous place to start this graph at 1960 where there are 500 cases in the population of 100,000.
What a shitty place to start this graph. If you could just go back until 1920 you would see this way way up here off the chart.
So it's quite funny. This would go way back over here.
But of course he wants you to believe that these kinds of things happened in in coincidence with with only one thing and that is the rollout of vaccine.
It's just a lie. It's just an absolute bald face lie.
And as he gets more and more angry in the next couple minutes you will understand why it has to be a lie.
Anybody who was not telling a lie in this scenario would have no reason to just get spontaneously angry when he's just lecturing.
Post World War II, and we introduced two vaccines which essentially eliminated disease from the US.
As long as you're vaccinated measles same story.
The vaccine introduced in the 60s rapid elimination of measles but as we saw the other day.
If you don't get vaccinated you still have outbreaks.
And measles shown on the right graph is their lives saved by measles vaccination.
So the dark curve, the dark line is the estimated measles deaths and the absence of vaccination so this is measles deaths and millions.
So a million million and a half deaths every year.
Again we're talking about crappy models right this is the foundation of the broken science we are trapped within.
These are broken models that aren't required to be verified there's no verification.
If this came from a paper they didn't verify it they can't verify it so they just struck their shoulders and say our model suggests that we're saving a million and a half lives every year.
Just like our model says that between 80 and 100,000 people every year die of flu.
So we have to roll out a vaccine every year our model say it.
This is the broken science within it when it within which we are trapped under whose weight we rest.
And we must shed it we have to get this off of our backs we have to take it off the backs of our children we have to pull our society out from underneath this.
Unshoulderable weight.
No society can shoulder this much life.
And you can see the lives.
Actually the deaths with vaccination declining after the vaccine and these are all the people's lives who have been saved so this is not trivial.
Vaccines work there in integral part of our existence we immunize children we immunize adults.
We immunize our pets we immunize even wild animals.
We immunize wild animals against rabies by dropping bait into the forest that contains rabies vaccine in it.
We're even immunizing fish with the upper right to fish being immunized against a fish virus that would otherwise make it unsuitable for sale.
And because of this childhood diseases are rare when I grew up everybody got measles and mumps and rubella and other things because we didn't have vaccines.
But now people don't have it and they're a faint memory and perhaps that's why we have so much.
So I wonder why it is that Vincent doesn't want to admit that when all of those things collapsed.
That we didn't have all the vaccines that we have now so if the story that he's telling is true and that a couple of those things actually worked.
There would have been no reason for us to have 72 shots on the schedule of a child now.
There would be no reason to have 12 shots before six months of age if those were the two shots that worked.
And that is that is the crux of this argument because there is no model which has been verified here they do not verify these models.
These models of reality where we think that our vaccine has saved x number of people we think that there's been a reduction in road of virus infection because of our our vaccine.
We can see that hepatitis B is not causing as much cervical cancer because of our hepatitis B vaccines.
These people are committed to this lie.
And they are willing to say that because we immunize all kinds of stuff all over the place that it's just great.
Even if the vaccine act from 1986 admits in text that it's erect. It's unavoidable that the vaccine program will cause harm.
Wow.
Well, we have so much anti vaccine sentiment.
They are a major part of our public health system we require them for entry into schools.
But in low and middle income countries they're not yet part of general public health.
And so that's why, for example, we have measles outbreak throughout the world as I showed you previously.
And the hesitancy about vaccines that isn't really a problem for a vaccine program and the ability or the acceptance of vaccines by the public depends on confidence of them in the vaccines, the convenience of getting them.
And whether people think that the diseases are a problem whether we should prevent them so when they go away from children parents think we don't have to vaccinate.
So understanding this right that this is a class at Columbia University that people are taking student loans out in order to complete to earn credits toward a degree.
That's what this is.
So they're going to learn they're taking notes they're going to learn this stuff and be able to answer questions about it so they can get an A on their test.
They're up against.
Until this room is full of pushback and laughter and jeers.
We aren't winning.
We are still so far behind the ball of these weaponized piles of money that are are in the midst of enslaving us.
We are drowning. We need to keep working. This is not even close to started. The forest has not even come close to starting to burn yet. We need this terrible malevolence to be exposed for what it is.
Our grandchildren need this exposed and our ancestors are begging us not to drop this ball.
All of our ancestors that fought for our freedom on this continent are begging us not to drop this ball.
This is the biology that they are using to enslave us. This is the narrative.
Novel viruses, novel memories, an immune system that can be augmented because we already have mastery of it. It's part of our existence.
Vaccination is part of our existence says Vincent.
Kids anymore and confidence can easily be broken by anti vaccine activists. They have a.
A business to break confidence in vaccines. Why? I'll show you in a moment.
It's to sell their own crap. It's to sell their own supplements, which they will tell you prevent the diseases.
And it's really sad that people fall for this.
So many people say these things. These are all different quotes that people use as excuses for not getting vaccinated.
And each one of these are refutable, but people don't want to listen to logic when vaccine. Look, I got a flu vaccine.
And yeah, I got, I know a guy who got a flu vaccine and then got the flu.
Okay, so if you got it a week before, you're going to still get infected. You need two weeks or so to get immune response. But maybe you had mild influenza.
That's fine. Did you survive? Did you go in the hospital? No, no, it worked. It doesn't prevent infection. I don't have time this year. I can't afford to.
Vaccines should be available to everyone, in my opinion.
As we saw during COVID, but should be applicable to all vaccines.
Kids should get infected naturally.
Really.
You want to take the risk of one in a thousand encephalitis for me.
Anyway, that's what the odds used to be back when measles was prevalent and we didn't know what we were doing.
That's the part that I find so disingenuous. It's so wrong.
It's just so wrong.
It could be that people will still go deaf from measles every once in a while because of the ear infection that occurs or something like that. But we treat ear infections better than we did in the 40s too.
What is wrong with us if we can be so bullied into accepting black and white explanations for things that are just.
Just not black and white. Wow.
That's the problem with vaccine programs and it's gotten worse in recent years because of social media.
Yes, they do. They do lose hearing from antibiotics. And that was part of the reason why I mention it. Thank you very much. You get 10 points.
It's easy to get any message out.
There are actually some cases where medical exemptions to vaccination are warranted.
About 1% of the population have medical issues that prevent them from getting vaccinated and you can have your physician write an exemption and that's fine.
So kids in many states need to, at all states need to have certain vaccines to go to school. You can have a medical example. The problem is many states now, as I showed you in the graph, when we talked about measles, have religious and personal exemptions.
And they're just they're bogus. I don't care how you put it. There's only one religion.
I forgot which one it is where it's written into the, I don't know what you call the book of that religion that you can't have vaccines, but all the other ones are bogus.
And so we get some parts of Texas, for example, 50% exemptions to vaccines are granted. This is just absurd.
50% of exemptions are granted. So how come there aren't ongoing measles deaths and, and, and epidemics of these diseases that are, are, are preventable only by vaccine. I don't get it. How does that work?
It's just so ridiculous. The contradictions that they hold in their head in order to hold this sacred cow.
Anyway, this whole issue we talked about on a Twitter episode. We talked about exemptions and other issues about vaccination. The last thing I want to tell you about is that often vaccine outbreaks of infectious diseases are tied to religious community.
So on the left is again the graph of measles cases over the years, which I've shown to you already.
And on the right, we have a map of the US with measles outbreaks in different states. And then the orange are cases not tied. Those are cases, not deaths. If they had deaths, they would use them.
If he had deaths, he would use them. That's the problem with this, right? That is the problem with this. If he had deaths, he would use them.
He would accentuate them, but instead he's got nothing. And so he uses big red circles just like they did during the COVID pandemic. Big red circles to what it's supposed to indicate 58 cases as opposed to 12 in Texas, even though this covers several hundred square miles.
That this covers eight different states.
This is not a genuine portrayal of any kind of data. This is just a scare campaign to further dumb down these children and further coerce them into accepting this mythology as proven.
Even though the fidelity of this map is already a look at this.
Why would you ever choose the Oh my gosh.
But then we have cases tied to unvaccinated members of religious communities. We have a big one in Brooklyn in 2018.
These are unvaccinated members of an Orthodox Jewish community. We often have.
Outbreaks in unvaccinated Orthodox communities because the rabbi somehow gets it into their mind that vaccination is bad and they list people. The followers listen to the rabbi.
But most of the time the rabbi is listening to an anti-vaxxer and that's the problem.
There's a there was an outbreak in our Krishna community largely unvaccinated the senior pastor in this Texas church was critical of measles really the pastor knows about vaccines and immunology and infectious disease I doubt it.
He just heard something and is passing on and the sad part is that the congregation listens to their leader right.
Finally, the the there is a misinformation business.
There are about a dozen people in the US who make millions of dollars spewing anti vaccine rhetoric.
And selling their own crap. The biggest one is Joe Mercoli. He's a physician in Florida.
He has millions of followers.
And he sells his own stuff that he tells you will prevent infectious diseases during COVID. He sold hydrogen peroxide and curcetin as treatments for COVID.
He claimed COVID vaccines were medical fraud. They don't prevent infections.
Notice very clearly that nobody says zinc. It's always the same you know a friend of mine mark made it made fun of that meeting that we watched the other day with Donald Trump or they were talking about.
I'm sorry the AFLD meeting the American frontline doctors summit that occurred somewhere in Washington DC with like a camera a microphone and four random people as an audience.
They repeated over and over again that hydroxychloroquine has to be able to and they said zinc.
They always say zinc and the reason why they have to say zinc is because they know that that's the important ingredient. It has nothing to do with any special substance or any other thing. It has to do with zinc and you can get quaceratin from an apple.
You can get zinc from good food.
You can get zinc supplements that if you combine it with some good food or good vegetables that have some of these other green tea, then you'll get you'll get your zinc.
And so the insistence on saying it's hydroxychloroquine instead of explaining no it's zinc.
Hydroxychloroquine gets zinc in if they would have said that, then we could have probably figured it out on our own that we might not need.
We might just be short of zinc or we might just be you see what I mean.
There are very specific aspects of everybody's narrative that were accentuated or not accentuated emphasized or not emphasized.
And here we clearly see emphasis on a substance like hydroxychloroquine, which shares the common mechanism of being a zinc ionophore supposedly.
It's hard for me to really see that as real seeing that I studied biophysics of ion channels for a long time.
And I know ion channels to be much larger proteins than these. I'm not really sure if they would be called ionophores so much as maybe they carry ions across membranes or something like that.
I don't know exactly how they would work. I don't think they're going to be pores.
They're going to make a membrane permeable pore that is selected for zinc. I think that would be crazy so maybe they like act like chaperone substances or something.
But the point is that if zinc is the deal and zinc deficiency is the problem, then this is still not being genuine.
It's cute.
Hey Joe, vaccines don't prevent infections they never did.
They don't provide immunity.
See so listen to how insistency is that that because vaccines don't prevent infection see Joe we already knew that Joe, but that's really disingenuous because we can go back.
You could go back to 2020 and never find a video where where where Vincent is explaining that.
This lecture in 2020 will not say that vaccines don't stop infection. Of course they do.
At that time that's also the sales pitch that Bill Gates was giving on national television.
And that once we have most people vaccinated the virus will just stop.
You don't carry virus if you're vaccinated was the assumption and the cartoon that we were pushed.
And he's still pushing this now but he's inverted the cartoon.
Oh, we never push that cartoon of no infection. Of course there's always infection.
So does that mean that there's always polio.
Does that mean there's always measles.
It's just that people are immune to it.
Which is it.
Is there sterilizing immunity or not because you talked about sterilizing immunity for a couple years.
I did a whole review that had one section about sterilizing versus non sterilizing immunity.
If vaccines don't prevent infections, then they've never been able to give sterilizing immunity, which would really go against the cartoon of.
Of rolling out a vaccine and having measles plummet to zero rolling out a vaccine and have polio plummet to zero or potuses or whooping cough.
Or RSV or pneumonia or shingles.
My friend at the at the basketball court told me yesterday they're carrying a ladder to the back of the gym to fix one of the shooting machines.
And both of these guys the young guy just got his arm.
Like add surgery on in the old guy. He's like, yeah, my arm hurts too. So it's a pretty heavy ladder. So I went over and helped him long fiberglass folding ladder or whatever, you know, one that came out like this.
And he says, yeah, my arm is killing me. I got a shingles vaccine yesterday and I was like, Oh my God, I don't even know what to do with these people anymore. I don't know what to say to them.
They're doctor and they do what they're told.
They take what they're offered and they've already been convinced by people like Vincent Rancin yellow that have refusing a vaccine when offered his like refusing a gift from a queen.
Or like getting offered a meal at a poor person's house and saying, no, thank you, I don't eat.
So all of these old people having been indoctrinated by the people on TV and by people like Vincent Rancin yellow and Peter Hotez and Tony Fauci.
They take these things without question anymore.
Because of this illusion of consensus that they are the best thing since buttered bread airplanes and wheel.
We're up against the wall here, ladies and gentlemen, and we may be able to see the theater very, very clearly but some other people do not have the sunglasses on that we do.
The lights are still way too bright for them. And even though we're on stage yelling back to them. Look, dude, it's fake. Can you see me? They can't see the lights behind you are too bright.
They refuse to look.
We are but a shadow.
We need to share. We need to spread. We need to keep saying the same things over and over again, including intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
We need to say the transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent. If you want to transfect people that are terribly sick with cancer, I'm not even going to debate it.
But transfection in healthy humans is dumb. And it's criminal.
Bolter your genetic coding, turning you into a viral protein factory that has no off switch.
So I hope every one of you recognized the BS in all of this. It's just outright lies, right?
You can see that, but there are many people who can't. They're afraid of COVID or afraid of COVID vaccines. Maybe because the messaging isn't been right.
So they listen to Joe Mercola and they buy his stuff and he and others do the same thing. They always have dietary supplements, which they claim will save you.
And so if you ever wonder what the motivation is for anti vaccine activists like him, it's profit. That's all there is.
And they don't care if you die as a consequence. By the way, this last statement, mRNA vaccines alter your genetic coding.
No, it doesn't. There's no evidence that it does. And it's a has no off switch.
Actually, this is a great exam question. Why is it not right to say there's no off switch? I'm going to put that on as an extra credit.
You should know why mRNA has its own off switch, right? But either he doesn't know or he doesn't want to tell you.
This is a real problem, folks. And if you're going to be physicians one day, immunizing people, you're going to encounter it.
So start thinking about how you're going to deal with it because your job is to keep your patients healthy and not giving a vaccine to them is not a way to do that.
All right, let's talk about the actual vaccines now. There are two kinds of vaccines. There's an active vaccine and a passive.
Active, you give the pathogen to the recipient. It's either modified or it's a part of the pathogen, so you don't get disease, but you get immunity.
This gives you memory. It gives you long term protection. A passive vaccine is putting in either antibodies or T cells, usually antibodies. We don't do T cell therapy for infections.
But this gives you short term protection. Passive is just giving you antibodies and a famous passive vaccine is the rabies antibodies, a vial of rabies immune globulin.
They immunize people with rabies vaccine. They take their serum and sell it. And if you get a dog bite or bite by a rabid animal.
One of the first things they do is inject the antibody at the bite site to try and neutralize as much virus as possible. And then they will actually immunize you on top of it with rabies vaccine.
All right, those are the two kinds. Let's talk just a little bit about passive vaccines. Your mom gave you a passive vaccine when you were developing in utero.
This is the fraction of adult values of antibody on the y-axis with time. We have conception. We have the nine months of development here and then birth. So during development, fetal development, your mother is passively transferring to you.
maternal IgG. And when you're born, you don't have this is really vomitus, right? Because of course breastfeeding is not on this chart.
It's really vomitus.
That's not accidental. It's from his textbook. You can see down there in the bottom. It says principles of virology down here on the bottom because it's from his textbook right here.
And so what we have here, ladies and gentlemen, is a very overt but covert desecration of human biology desecration of what it means to be a sacred being.
A horrible lack of reverence for who we are as a species, what we are a part of as creation.
And these children are paying to have it told to them. Their parents are paying to have it told to them. I paid to have it told to me when I went to university.
It was this bad when I was in university though, but certain things were have an immune system that can respond yet. It needs some time to develop.
You're protected from your mother's immune infection experience.
And recently, a vaccine for respiratory syncytial virus was just to prove this hits baby starting at birth.
So we vaccinate the mother. Wow. Those antibodies get passively transferred into the.
So he's not even not even going to approach the idea that generally speaking, you wouldn't vaccinate a mom because because, you know, we don't give. We don't let moms eat sushi. We don't let moms have unpaste your eyes cheese.
We wouldn't want to vaccinate a mom. He's exactly the opposite. He's giving them an example of a perfect reason to vaccinate a mom.
Because then we can pass along the immunogloblins to the baby for RSV and protect babies from something that kills thousands and thousands of, well, some babies I guess every year.
That's a sales pitch.
Based on no data based on no evidence based on no models with with verification behind them nothing.
Just a gross oversimplification of our sacred biology, a gross oversimplification of childhood development, a gross oversimplification of the sacredness of a pregnancy and a pregnant woman.
And your skin, honey, you're pregnant.
You don't know what's in those creams.
Developing fetus. So the fetus is protected for about six months. You can see the maternal antibodies decline, but by then the fetus, the baby can make their own antibodies.
And so you could then immunize them, say it's six months of a. So that's a passive vaccine.
So there's his answer, right? You, you're still going to have to immunize the baby after these things wear off. So we'll immunize the mom for RSV and then we'll immunize the baby six months later.
He just said that.
Please make sure you heard that he just said that because this is not reasonable.
This is not a reasonable biological discussion of something with side effects or, or a risk benefit to be weighed.
This is not informed consent. This is coercion and lying.
We use convalescent serum to treat infections. And a really good example was during the last of virus years, the last of virus was first observed in Nigeria.
There were nurses working there who started to get sick.
And it turned out to be a novel virus crossing over from rodents.
And your decals was a virologist at Yale, who was working with the virus and infected himself.
And so he went into the hospital and the hospital, which was Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center had previously treated Penny Pinnier, who was one of the nurses from Nigeria who had been brought back and treated there and she survived, but they kept some of her blood
and they gave him serum and he survived. And now, of course, more recently, we use convalescent plasma for, we used to anyway for
we he'd survive. And now, of course, more recently, we use convalescent plasma for, we used to anyway for treating COVID patients.
So here are two examples of passive therapy for COVID convalescent plasma. So plasma is different from serum right plasma is what you get when you take out the cells and you prevent clotting.
Whereas serum is what you get after the blood clots and you spin everything out including the cell so we use convalescent plasma.
So we basically take a COVID patient who's recovered, we take out blood and we make plasma and we can give it to people to prevent infection or to treat an infection and so early on in the pandemic when we didn't have anything else this was used quite a bit, not used very much anymore.
And then of course subsequently monoclonal antibodies were developed of all different names as you can see here that were directed to different parts of the viral spike protein, and they would block interaction with ACE2 and they were affected.
I mean, you don't think that this is a very good, like this cartoon is just awful right it's totally insulting this is the symbol for an antibody that's used in the NIA, NIAID symbol you know this this is not a real symbol it doesn't mean anything.
The antibody shape is not even remotely close to this I don't know why they use it all the time except that I think it's found in in many you know on the Internet very easy as an icon is just dumb.
The antigenic variation in the spike over the years basically made all of these not useful, although recently FDA has just approved or given an emergency use organization to a new monoclonal antibody, which can be used because many people don't respond to vaccination immunosuppress people for example don't respond.
So that's a passive vaccine of some examples of that first question is passive vaccination a takes place between mother and developing fetus B involves giving antibodies or convalescent plasma to the patient.
For short term protection against disease D, although administered intravenously may still protect against respiratory disease E all of the above.
Yeah, you got it.
Let's see if you can get the 10 that was number seven right.
Yeah, they're all right.
So I didn't say yeah so the convalescent plasma is given intravenously and yet it protects against respiratory disease so obviously antibodies can cross into the mucosa from the blood and that's the same for vaccines that are injected into your muscle arm muscle.
They protect you from respiratory diseases because the antibodies can get there.
Oh, they can get there, can they?
Wow, so that's pretty impressive.
He says that antibodies when you do an intramuscular injection those antibodies can get to your lungs.
I think I think Jolie has a little argument against that.
Joe, you got to hear Joe legal nuts about how antibodies cannot cross the lung blood barrier they cannot because water can't do it.
So something that weighs 100,000 Dalton's can't do it.
I love that rant by him.
It's a great rant.
It's a point that he's been making since the beginning of the pandemic and good on him for it.
Antibodies that are in your blood aren't doing you any good because they're not getting anywhere near the virus if it is in your mucus and entering through your gut and through your lungs.
It's hilarious.
It's very funny that he said it though and very funny that he insisted very casually that that's the reason why it works because the antibodies that are produced after intramuscular injection can get there.
Take his word for it.
He's also got a recommendation for pizza.
Requirements for an effective vaccine.
You have to make the right immune response.
Remember that when we make immune responses, they can be either TH one or TH two.
In other words, favoring cytotoxic T responses or antibody responses or some combination of the both.
So you have to make sure that you do the right thing.
Now, for COVID, we didn't know, right?
We had no history of understanding the disease.
So all we did is look for protection.
And in fact, in many cases, it's empirical.
You try a vaccine and you see if it protects.
We're very lucky that the spike protein worked.
The logic was, well, it's how it attaches.
Boy, we sure are lucky.
So maybe antibodies will protect and they ended up doing so.
Wow.
Maybe antibodies will protect.
They took a gamble and chose the spike protein, hoping that antibodies would protect.
And they got lucky, says Vincent.
Wow.
That's interesting.
We still don't quite understand to this day why they protect us.
Many people will tell you, Oh, it's definitely antibodies.
No, it's not the whole story because even when the virus has changed enough so that the antibodies induced by the vaccine, no longer neutralized, many people are still protected from serious disease.
And that's because the T cells are resolving the infection.
So it is not yet clear what's going on.
In fact, there was recently a challenge study done in the UK and they studied the immune responses associated with recovery from mild COVID.
And they said T cells are a big part of recovery.
All right.
So, you know, you need to know what the immune crop crop T cells are a big part of recovery.
It's funny because the foremost authority on coronavirus biology in the United States is named Stanley Perlman.
And he was actually on the who committee for the coronavirus pandemic.
And Stanley Perlman published papers in 2003, four and five where he showed definitively that it was the T cells alone.
That actually helped mice survive infection with the original SARS virus and whatever resulted from that by Remia.
And in fact, without T cells, the mice quickly died with or without B cells didn't matter.
And in fact, we also know that there are people who have a rare immune condition where they do not have B cells and they are also not dying of COVID.
So it does seem like that he's not really right here, but he doesn't care because he's spectacularly committed to the lie of vaccines and spectacularly committed to the lie of antibodies and how this correlate of immunity just happens to be a pretty good one.
I want you to understand that I don't think that that commitment to that lie is any different than the commitment that we've seen from other people to other lies.
We have seen a very, very, very big commitment to the lies about a novel virus, for example.
We have seen a very, very big commitment to the lie of a gain of function virus in laboratory leak, which went around the world. We have seen a very, very big commitment by a bunch of these people to a illusion of consensus that the worst case scenario of a gain of function
happened and that the response to it was part of it, that the response was bungled either on accident or on purpose and it is the resulted in millions of people being injured or only a few.
But we have been bamboozled into believing that this is the argument.
This is the thing we should be fighting about is either you believe the vaccines have hurt people or you don't.
One of those people are saying, Transfection hurt people. None of those people are saying that Transfection will always hurt healthy people. None of those people are saying an intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
None of those people are saying strict liability. None of those people are saying that the Seventh Amendment is being violated by the prep act.
The illusion of consensus is about what questions are plausible. What questions are worth answering.
And we're supposed to agree. I have different questions than a lot of these people. I'm sorry. I do. I have very many different questions than a lot of these people and I think that's why they don't like us anymore.
We have more questions than just this one, although this one is an important one that no one seems to answer.
No one's really talking about the the depravity of this idea that that guitar playing minstrel of death.
Francis Collins perpetuated on his director's blog for almost two years straight. This illustration was was laid upon us by him on his own blog, the NIH director's blog.
This is how immune works. This is how immunity works. This is how vaccine works.
But it's not even disingenuous, ladies and gentlemen, this is a malevolent lie designed to mislead so that you and your kids would not be able to exercise informed consent over the mass rollout of a transfection.
That's the reality.
They lied to you about biology so that you would not be able to exercise informed consent over transfection as a medical countermeasure.
And there are people in the front and in the back and in the backwoods and in the dark alleys that are all perpetuating the same narrative of a gain of function virus bio weapon released on the population spreading around the world that we need to be afraid of because it's
not the same thing that we need to be afraid of because it's the same thing that we need to be afraid of because it's the same thing that we need to be afraid of because it's the same thing that we need to be afraid of because it's the same thing that we need to be afraid of because it's the same thing.
Not that they didn't know that there was a possibility of using chemically altered codon optimized RNA could cause protein misfolding.
That couldn't possibly be the case. Jay is crazy for thinking that they would have tried to see that narrative ahead of time so that when those effects did happen, they could blame it on the virus too.
They could blame it on the part of the virus that they transfected us to.
What a wonderful story to tell that instead of the raw, well, Vincent says that we chose the right one lucky lucky we got lucky with the spike protein.
Other people say that we got very unlucky with the spike protein. It's a pre nap.
It's amoledogenic.
And here we are again bouncing around in our little hamster wheel watching other people argue about things.
Nobody's discussing the illusion of the infectious cycle. Nobody's discussing at all. No one ever jumped on it but me.
The video where Robert Malone says, well, the majority majority the vast majority of coronavirus particles are not infectious they just float around they do nothing.
No one has ever jumped on that to try and explain not that no virus people. They don't they don't see it.
Not the not the anti no virus people that are trying to prove that there are viruses not the people that are trying to explain why Jonathan Cooey is dumb.
Not the people that are trying to explain biology nobody everybody ignores that Robert Malone said that on a on a video that I played over and over again that the vast majority of coronavirus particles are irrelevant.
They're they're they do nothing. They're useless.
The replication incompetent.
Which that piece of information alone already changes drastically how you should think about any kind of infection even if it does produce millions of particles if the vast majority are not infectious.
Then maybe the reason why we some other people in a situation might get symptoms is not because of viral replication.
Of course, this still leaves open the possibility that there are viruses just not the way that we understand them maybe they're just exosomes maybe they're just signaling maybe they're just trash maybe they're just a background noise that we're being misconstrued
maybe it's bacteriophages like on the on the teacup of of Brett Weinstein in his third podcast at the beginning of this pandemic.
Because bacteriophages could produce all of the effects bacteriophages would also produce cytopathic effects in cell culture.
But we're not talking about any of those possibilities are we there are only certain possibilities that are out there.
Again a function virus absolutely no virus.
Or a bat cave virus.
But any of these other more complicated explanations that have to do with not complete understanding of the sacred biology that is us those explanations are all gone.
Left out not discussed at all except for on this show.
And so virus packaging is a cartoon that they've sold us RNA copy fidelity is a cartoon that they've sold us the way that these viruses are packaged as a cartoon that they've sold us as something that ourselves don't naturally do.
Like they viruses can hijack a cuckoo clock and make them make toast.
Viruses can hijack cells and make them do things they don't already do make viruses over and over again.
And it happens with really high fidelity that's why we can still track this one after five years of circulation.
Just because they can make fancy cartoons doesn't make their stories right because influenza supposedly gets packaged with enzymes also.
In influenza doesn't have just RNA that gets translated into the proteins that it needs and then it takes over influenza has to be carefully packaged with some enzymes to otherwise nothing works.
Coronavirus doesn't need that coronavirus just has an RNA and the RNA comes out and it makes the proteins that it needs those proteins assemble.
They fold exactly how they're supposed to fold and then they start making massive copies of the RNA genome and then all other stuff in the cell stops and it just starts producing viruses because that's how powerful that RNA molecule is.
So if you have a fever site then it can go around the earth it only goes for, you know, a few hundred people without a fear and cleavage site but with a fear and cleavage site it's like fire.
So they're not hijacking your machinery.
There's no hijacking going on they chose that word on purpose there's no high fidelity copying going on either because that's not the way that works.
The RNA virus can't come into your body and make perfect copies of itself it makes shitty copies of itself.
So if they assemble a virus from different parts in the wild and they make a copy of it, it's not going to go into cell culture and make lots of copies of itself.
It's going to make broken incomplete copies of itself and so very, very few if any of the copies of that tape will be any use.
That's what Robert Malone is talking about but virology has overcome that a long time ago in the 80s with the help of Nobel Prize winner David Baltimore and Stooge Earth virology professor Vincent Rankinello
by the making of infectious clones which is essentially like the equivalent of a CD.
You can copy a CD make a pretty good copy of it because it is a different level of digital information DNA in this case, unlike RNA, which can't really make a lot of copies of itself in a cell culture.
DNA is a double stranded molecule with extreme chemical stability and serendipitously with high fidelity copying because of proofreading.
And so we can make a copy of the RNA that we think we find in the wild and we can make lots of that RNA by first making a DNA copy of it and then encoding that DNA into plasmids which can be inserted into
the whole eye or similar culturing techniques.
So then this DNA gets multiplied in a much higher fidelity reaction and you get rid of the copying machinery of the bacteria and instead when you lice that bacteria you add that DNA, you add RNA polymerase to that DNA and lo and behold now you have a lot of RNA that you
have ever generated by the above method up here by starting with the tape by starting with the RNA that you get from the bat or from the raccoon dog.
So if you can find some shadow of that RNA in that raccoon dog, you can make literal bottles of it if you use DNA first.
And people like Kevin McCurnan with literally decades of experience in molecular biology took three different conversations to finally say out loud that that's what I meant by infectious clones that RNA cannot perpetuate itself in a cell culture forever.
And so virology that studies RNA has had to use DNA cloning as a method of bypassing that shortcoming.
And for many months he tried to confuse me about it tried to find papers that said oh no, RNA copying and coronavirus is exceptionally good because of exon gene.
Just happens to be a gene and a paper, a paper trail that's led by none other than Mark Denison, the guy who knows that Remdesivir would have been useless on day 14 of a hospital state, kept his mouth shut at the beginning of the pandemic well that was rolled out with the help of Tony
and Deborah Burts.
And so this technique is not some secret kind of biology it's biology that everybody that has a bench in academia understands that you can make a lot more high fidelity copies of DNA than you can RNA RNA viruses are found in the wild but they're hard to track.
We take that RNA signal and we make a DNA version of it so we can make lots of that RNA and then study what it does in animals in the laboratory.
And we have bamboozled ourselves allowed us to be ourselves to be bamboozled into thinking that this replicates what is happening in mother nature and that's not true whatever his in mother nature as a shadow.
A reflection on the water compared to this crap that they make and call infectious clones and share with each other and send around the world and could have easily used to see the PCR and sequencing positivity that they have misconstrued as a pandemic.
Just put it in bottles and ship it around where do you need it to be.
Wuhan Iran.
This is a homish county man's lungs and a bunch of old people in Bergamo well then do it.
They'll all sequence exactly the same they'll all test hot for positive they'll all be cultureable.
And probably the best cultureable virus that you will have ever found in an epidemic ever.
And so super easy to convince.
It's the same exact technology that they would make antibodies with.
It's the exact same technology that they made the mRNA shots with.
Ladies and gentlemen wake up and apologize to your kids for not having known this I do it every day.
Infectious clones are the way that this signal was created there the way RNA viruses are done and it is the reason why they are lying they are spectacularly committed to the fact that there aren't RNA viruses that can pandemic.
They are lying about it they cannot pandemic.
And they've known it for a very long time because they've understood that whatever these self replicating RNAs are they don't make high fidelity copies of themselves.
They make orders of magnitude more copies of the sub genomic RNAs that are not useful in transmitting a disease not useful in transmitting anything but maybe some symptoms maybe some inflammation or immune activation.
But the ratios that they've detected even when they've used the latest greatest techniques like nanopore sequencing have revealed the same things that these old papers from the 80s have revealed that when these RNAs do whatever they do they don't make very many copies of themselves at all.
They make a lot of junk RNA they make a lot of mistakes and they make a lot of partial genomic copies that maybe make a lot of protein.
Maybe.
But by definition those genomes that are supposed to be there that are going around the world that we have 15 million sequences of now and the gen said database they're not found in these experiments.
When they did this with SARS-CoV-2 they found a hundred and eleven full genomes.
And 600,000 sub genomic RNAs to the E protein and protein into the spike hundreds of thousands.
So if those all get packaged up in little exosomes and you're shedding all those things and people cough from them or whatever.
Or your bodies at your your family members build T cell immunity to those proteins without ever knowing they're being exposed to them that's a pretty different scenario than what they've told us is viral infection and it's still not no virus.
And so it's this chasm of possibility between no viruses at all and the lies they've been telling us about viruses and vaccines it's in this chasm that the truth is most certainly found.
And that's why these other ideas are so prevalent in there so amplified and they are so wicked when they talk about themselves.
Because this is the truth that we don't know.
And that every time we try to measure this signal we get the same thing that we saw before a different light this is the old days same thing barely any barely any full genomic RNA here at all right there's the line.
But huge numbers of these sub genomic RNAs.
And so we know that the infectious cycles wrong we know that the idea of a viral swarm is also wrong because of this it's not a.
assortment of interchangeable genomes it's an assortment of crap.
That when using sequencing and PCR to try and probe the contents of this crap.
You can misconstrue it as representing full genomes but it's not.
It's not full genomes when they look for the full genomes using techniques that don't require amplification that should find full genomes they don't find them in the quantities that would suggest that.
Anything remotely like the cartoon of infection.
So that model needs to be thrown out.
And that's why the no virus people are so enticing why making diffuse real again for the last half a year to a year has been so important that's why they recruited me to write for the Wuhan cover up to make sure that diffuse got in there.
To make sure that I was in a book about a gain of function virus and even when I decided that that wasn't the case anymore I got talked into being an into anyway because it's supposed to be a historic document we want to record what people said.
So I got to say it in the book that they didn't even need a virus and they won't need a virus in the future it's in the book.
The clones are in the book what they are and their significance to RNA virology but these people all insist that I'm wrong.
Jessica Rose.
Also this guy Archmatic.
Also this guy they think that clones can spread all by themselves and they're wrong.
So Jiki and I don't agree on everything but we're not willing to throw each other under the bus either because we know that we've been lied to.
And the problem is is that a lot of these people are not willing to understand that we've been lied about the virus that we've been lied about the by the protocols we're lied about medicine and about nutrition and about immunology and virology and all these lies are intertwined we need to make RNA real again.
Not diffuse not to virology not the spread of viruses RNA clones need to be made real again.
And so this faith in a novel biology now extends to the trackable gain of function RNA that went endemic and now they're saying that the transfection worked of course.
But transfection is a term that all academic biologists should know it's been used on the decades and decades on the lab bench it's inappropriate in its purest form.
It challenges the immune system to attack the body without making mistakes the transfection using chemically altered and codon optimized RNA as many known and unknown consequences.
That for a while people like Kevin McKernan were talking about now they don't mention those things anymore.
The use of RNA produced with the prominent methods in bacterial culture at seven additional known sources of adulteration not just the DNA RNA impurity endotoxins and DNA contamination and the use of untested nanoparticle characters known to trap freely and have
unknown detectable and undetectable consequences in a short and long term are being ignored by the same molecular biologists who are trying to tell you that double stranded DNA is dangerous.
I don't want you to think about what kind of damage could be done to your mitochondrial DNA by the cationic lipids once they are in an endosome and the pH changes.
That's the problem here. That's the crazy part.
And so the spread of bad ideas is terrified.
And now we are having to confront the fact that the spike was a weaponized pre on of some kind and that we're supposed to be worried about it and all the people that are pushing that story are not saying.
Listen carefully. They are not saying the transfection is causing it. They're saying that the spike protein is causing it or that the the COVID SARS-CoV-2 virus caused it or the interaction between the vaccination, the transfection to the spike and the virus that's still circulating.
They will not ever just say simply the transfection using codon optimized chemically altered RNA was already expected to and known to cause protein misfolding disorders.
And therefore they needed to see the narrative as many places as possible starting in 2020 with as many clown cars as possible so that when we got here in 2024 and people were being damaged by these things were starting to show up that they would be a cover story.
And there would be people that could step up in front of people and say, See, I told you so I knew it from 2020.
And so we have already talked about this once and we're going to talk about it as we move forward.
The preons are basically the idea is is that you get next to one that's already folded up and already screwed up and then it can cause the other one to join the fibro growth to assume that configuration and that spreads and then it fragments then it goes all over the place.
And that's the basic cartoon very much similar to the cartoon of the infectious cycle of a virus.
And we're just supposed to take it at face value that this high fidelity understanding is the result of years and years of meticulous study.
We're going to watch a couple more videos by the lady from MIT and you're going to find it eight, eight years and years of meticulous study.
Somebody was awarded a Nobel prize really quick for not having figured out anything yet.
And that guy is Stanley and we're going to look at a couple of his papers this week that talk about the basic pretense of preons and the model of yeast and chaperone proteins to talk about it.
And we're just going to learn the biology so that we don't have to we don't have to learn it elsewhere or try to unlearn some other lie.
They have changed the way we think about all cause mortality ladies and gentlemen they thought teams the way we think about a coronavirus swarm away they think about the background if you will.
They've they've really changed the way we think about the background signals that we are measuring from.
They really changed the way we think about the immune system and the in the order in which cells are activated and the and the priority in which they are activated.
And we really don't want to talk about linked recognition because then in the context of transfection, it's a very easy cartoon to explain why any, any model, any partial acceptance of a viral pathogen as a legitimate biological entity requires that you understand
linked recognition as it works in that context.
And if you do, then you can use their own cartoon of virology against them because their own cartoon of virology, even if it's wrong, is sufficiently detailed to show you how immune memory is made and not made and how immune memory to a transfection would be absolutely awful.
Absolutely awful.
And that's why they've had to change the way we think about the concept of vaccination that's why they have to have Vincent Rancin yellow so insistent and so to the point of insulting because they want you to think that transfection is the same as exposure to a pathogen in the wild.
And it's not, it's not even the same sport.
I don't know if I went past a slide there or not. No, I don't think I did it.
And so they seeded the pandemic over many decades they seeded it in the literature they seeded it in upper level exercises tabletop exercises like dark winter and event 201.
And then they seeded the narrative with a bunch of people that knew what the worst case scenario was and knew how valuable it would be if that was accepted as possible.
And they have been continuously using people to perpetuate that narrative and and sculpt a limited spectrum of debate within which the presuppositions of the state are never questioned.
The presuppositions of novel viruses of gain of function virus of bio weapons of the need for public health services and the effectiveness of the vaccine schedule.
And they're doing it all under the pretense of a national security threat, including anti vaccine sentiment as being a national security threat now.
So sooner or later, giggle and biological is going to be person non grata as well, but they won't be able to promote us because we're telling the truth.
They have confounded the effects of the virus with the effects of transfection by confounding the effects of the virus with the effects of the spike, which is just an imaginary entity, which was really perpetuated from the very beginning and can only come from a clone if it's real.
Ladies and gentlemen, the past is fading into mist. If we don't stop it now, we're going to be in big trouble because these people won't quit. They're not going to stop because their livelihood depends on it.
They are climbing a ladder that they cannot see the top of and they are they are happy to climb past us they already have a long time ago we are still wandering on this road we are actually still trapped in their car.
And they are still telling us the same story of a novel virus where millions died and millions more were saved from probably came from a laboratory so it will come again.
This is a lie that these people have perpetuated by pretending to help stop it.
Pretending to help break it pretending to help fight against it pretending to unmask the villains of the Scooby Doo mystery that are Peter day sack and Tony Fauci and USAID.
Your consciousness is prime real estate ladies and gentlemen. That's it. That's the big that's the big picture here.
Did you take them? No.
Should I take them? I want to go but I'm not quite done yet.
Can you take them? I can take them.
But then what you got to be at the bus.
So, you know, the novel virus the PCR cycle counts the lab leak versus, you know, the spike novel treatment debates like hydroxychloroquine and zinc lockdown debates, you know, maybe we should have a measured approach maybe we should make it a personal responsibility said one of those
measures the other day, putting people on supplemental oxygen are not really realizing that that was dangerous or not really good using supplemental oxygen levels that were like an order of magnitude higher than would ever been used before the pandemic.
What's that all about? Why aren't we weren't we talking about that in 2020.
Are these people who are on the Internet saying have you ever treated a patient. If you've never treated a patient then you have to shut up if you treated a patient with supplemental oxygen on 60 liters a minute.
That's problem.
Even 10 liters a minute I think is a problem.
If you don't need supplemental oxygen you're given it can be very dangerous toxic it's weird.
No one's talking about it but everybody's fine with the fact that we didn't know for sure if we'd have any memory to this it could be.
I guess that's plausible. No, it's not.
That's what we talked about in 2020 because that was part of their show.
Just like Ivermectin was part of the show in 2021 and 2022 and now is kind of having a resurgence as a multilateral cancer drug treatment.
And double stranded DNA is another one of these stories that is being put in front as a singular sort of explanation for how people were harmed when we know that there's a million different ways that people could be harmed by
There's no reason to pick one but all of these people want us to pick one and then make a flag and a billboard and sell t-shirts about it.
They want you to pick the diffuse proposal and say see it's obvious they were going to do it these emails that are responded to the diffuse proposal say they're already doing it's obvious that they already did it.
And this is where the pandemic came from because in the diffuse proposal that means that if they sprayed this into a batcave that it could circulate the globe.
So it still perpetuates the narrative that an RNA virus and RNA molecule, given the right size mud puddle and the number of people tracking through it could easily result in a pandemic.
And that's why the pandemic was created the way that it was created because it was a long time. It's like the state.
The political cut I have on the specialization is always that that if you analyze the politics of science, the specialization should make you suspicious. It's because it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on.
And it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate. And then one should be a little bit suspicious and that's that's that's sort of my starting my starting bias.
I think everybody that was in on the AIDS retro virus viruses gene therapy thing in the 80s they're all in on it.
If they're still in it right now they're all in on it they all know that it's a lie they all know that it's an exaggeration they all know that this is about experimentation and trying to crack a human genome that won't be cracked trying to crack.
That's what this is about. They've been on this team for a very long time. They want your kids on this train. They want your kids on the train where vaccination is the way out that's what Vincent says they want you on this train where novel coronaviruses can jump species.
They want you on this train where false positives are very rare and PCR works as long as you don't make primer dimers right.
Right. Mahultra evidence of spread and continuing evolution of a single virus also very insistent. A lot of these people are very insistent that we spend money on gain of function research. These are all lies designed to trap our children designed to make sure that a lot of these get across the goal line.
They want to destroy us. They want to stop our reproduction. They want to stop our our growth. They want to take over the world in a resource war and they want to use us and our kids as experimental animals while they do it.
It's a pretty dark thing, man. I don't know what to say other than we are being attacked by the darkest of dark forces.
And the darkest of dark is lying. Right. That's the darkest of dark.
And so we need to call for a pause on all vaccinations in America just like just like Peter McCullough did this week.
We need to call for strict liability on all pharmaceutical product because that's that's what we deserve.
We need to investigate the use of deadly protocols to create these mass casualty events like Jessica Hockett is trying to do.
We need to investigate the use of these things to allow transfection to occur. We need to take back the sovereignty over our own bodies and that of our children.
We need to remove the United States from the who and the UN entirely.
And you can see the people who are meddling with us because they won't advocate for any of these things. They won't speak about transfection.
They won't speak about clones.
And so this limited spectrum of debate is going to continue to exist until we break it.
We break it with non compliance and we break it by learning the biology that they are twisting the mythology they are trying to weave together in the heads of our young children.
That the AI is going to learn if we give it enough data if we just sacrifice ourselves for it.
It'll eventually give us the answers that our controllers want that Kurt Wilder says Ray Kurt Wilder says is going to allow him to live forever.
He just got to make it to 2024 or 2044.
2034 excuse me because by 2040 there will be no disease.
There's a new world order ladies and gentlemen.
And if you think the AI is going to achieve sentience, you are being tricked.
What's going to happen is that you're going to secede control over your lives and that of your children to these men with machines. It's that simple.
Please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
I got to go play basketball. I'm going to be late, but the kids are already over there.
Please, please, please remember.
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent.
An RNA cannot pandemic.
Find me and support this work at GIGO and biological.com.
You can also watch the replay at stream.gigohome.bio.
You can also share that if you don't mind.
Please, if you can and haven't yet, it would be great if you could share the stream somewhere where you haven't shared it before.
The support that we need as a family is going to come organically by anybody who has the means.
And anybody who doesn't have the means, please, watch the show, share it because that's the way we win.
We're going to be all right.
It's going to happen organically because the independent bright web can't be stopped because it's the truth.
It's love. It's community. So keep loving your neighbor.
Don't take the bait on social media. Please don't take the bait.
Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep!
Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep!
Beep! Beep! Beep!